## project 1 casual banter
https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/project-1-casual-banter/167344


**Post ID:** 595549

@s.anand @carlton @Jivraj
Please extend the deadline please.
[Image at https://europe1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/7/7/7742d688f4b033b15ac1a4af0c1f2eda19c31093.jpeg]88394c0c2e80a1326cfffe020684be4a480×270 10.3 KB

**Post ID:** 595551

Done 
Kind regards
Cant say no to a fuzzy wuzzy cat

**Post ID:** 595552

Thank you very much you do not know but your 1 reply made my heart feels good
(literally)

**Post ID:** 595553

What’s the new date sir

**Post ID:** 595554

Now I can definitely say that a cat saved me today.

**Post ID:** 595556

??? You are joking? BUT really maybe 11:59 + 2 hours

**Post ID:** 595559

This project is due on 16 Feb 2025 EoD IST. Results will be announced by 26 Feb 2025.

**Post ID:** 595562

Sunday 16/02/2025 23:59 IST

**Post ID:** 595566

bro is obsessed with this

**Post ID:** 595662

reading this at 12:01 after submitting A1 to A7 .  okay sleeping now. lets see if what i can finish tomorrow.

**Post ID:** 595688

yes Ayush, you mentioned about your heart and liver problems.
its necessary that your heart feels good
(just kidding bro )

**Post ID:** 596171

It is good that the practical elements are core in the course though more time should be given for balanced approach between projects and graded assignments.
There were some issues I faced. For example, the GitHub link of the datagen.py was incorrect and I was confused due to the code not generating the expected outcome.
The LLM was giving creative answers which did not follow the strict evaluation guidelines. So, the case was not passed. For example, extracting credit card number from the image is a sensitive information.
I am alright with it since the evaluation will be different.
Now, I am really well versed with the tools taught in these weeks. Thanking the whole TDS Team for this project which was very well designed.

**Post ID:** 596990

A post was split to a new topic: Just some background test
