## create a question solving groups for roe
https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/create-a-question-solving-groups-for-roe/168567


**Post ID:** 600396

Whoever wants can participate and then we go into breakout rooms and each group solves a particular question and then we all share the code so we can complete the ROE faster and more effienctly?
@all

**Post ID:** 600397

Are we allowed to do that?

**Post ID:** 600398

Yeah they said you can take help anyway possible even  to ask a cat also or a pet, im not sure

**Post ID:** 600399

Alright, works. I am down to collaborate.

**Post ID:** 600400

Asking help is different from sharing answers in a public forum. I don’t think they will permit this.

**Post ID:** 600401

Sharing answers is asking for help

**Post ID:** 600402

If the ROE is like how it was for MOCK ROE1 then this probably wont work right?
Only for today’s ROE(mock 2) we can split  the tasks efficiently and get it done.
Thoughts?

**Post ID:** 600403

trebhuvansb:

Asking help is different from sharing answers in a public forum. I don’t think they will permit this.


this is valid. should we just ask them? Could u message a TA?

**Post ID:** 600404

Yeah thats the idea…

**Post ID:** 600405

What's the actual purpose of impossible ROE exam? Tools in Data Science


@ankit.jain – I’m the culprit behind this RoE structure. Thanks for the opportunity to share my thought process. 
What does this RoE evaluate? Implicit learning. 

Implicit learning is “How much can they answer if woken up from sleep?”
Explicit learning is “How much can they answer given time and Internet?”

Some may know 10% implicitly. Some know 50%. They’ll answer those in a few seconds. 
Some, they can FIND out. with Google, StackOverflow, ChatGPT. That’s explicit learning. But it takes time…

**Post ID:** 600407

Their whole concept of implicit learning disappears when people start sharing answers in a public forum.

**Post ID:** 600408

On another topic

et?


read the post, its about explicit learning xD
EDIT its implicit my bad !

**Post ID:** 600409

off topic, how do you dm people on discourse?

**Post ID:** 600410

So, are we using this thread, or should we make a Google space or something?

**Post ID:** 600411

I created a discord

[Image at https://europe1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/0/6/069dfcbf1c98ea2160a1c33abb79107eaf6f2b36.png]
Discord


Join the ACING ROE 1 Discord Server!
Check out the ACING ROE 1 community on Discord – hang out with 1 other members and enjoy free voice and text chat.





@all
