## tds jan 25 imp announcement for project 2
https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/tds-jan-25-imp-announcement-for-project-2/170413


**Post ID:** 608305

Dear Learners,
Prof. Anand Live Session Alert!

 Date & Time: Wednesday, March 19, 2025 · 9:00 – 10:00 PM (IST)  2025-03-19T15:30:00Z
 Speaker: Professor Anand (@s.anand)
 Topic: Project 2 Q&A + General Course Queries
 Google Meet Link: Join Here


 How to Prepare for the Live Session
 Ask Questions in Advance  on THIS thread

If you have doubts about Project 2, post your specific questions in this thread.
Struggling to phrase your question clearly? Use the TDS GPT Assistant to refine your question before posting.
 TDS GPT Assistant
Please keep this thread clean and do not use it for banter or solutions. Its only for questions.
Check if someone else has already asked the question before posting. Instead just use a thumbs up.
If you still feel the question has not been asked exactly the way you would frame it, then go ahead and ask it.

 Continue Using the original Project 2 Discussion Thread for solutions

The Project 2 Discussion Thread is still available for peer and faculty support.
 Discussion Thread Link

 Purpose of This Thread

Prof. Anand will review questions in advance to ensure an effective live session.
Please post only relevant, well-structured questions here.


Don’t miss this opportunity! Get your questions ready and join the session.
[Image at https://europe1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/1/9/19c5c248dceb99f92fc6975ca016a3c828bc6318.gif]
Kind regards,
TDS Team

**Post ID:** 608306



**Post ID:** 608526

Hi @carlton ,
Will this session be recorded and shared later?
It conflicts with live session of BA and that session is specially told that It will not be recorded.

**Post ID:** 608604

@carlton sir, I too prefer a recording. I did not even attend the session due to personal work which I couldn"t avoid. Pls support

**Post ID:** 608612

@kushabarodekar @Muthupalaniappan
As usual recording will be uploaded to youtube.

**Post ID:** 608759

[Image at https://europe1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/3/e/3efcd748f78a7c057c71077f79d7b0858622b9ff.jpeg]


This is the recording of the session.
Kind regards
